>> Brian Holt: So again, let's just take
a look at what my version of it did.
So here's mine.
Yours has to be more beautiful than this
terrible monstrosity that I've put in
front of you.
>> Brian Holt: Looks something like that.
>> Brian Holt: That's a cutie.
>> Brian Holt: So,
>> Brian Holt: Yeah, that's
gonna be your homework for tonight, is
to get the dog viewer working correctly.
>> Brian Holt: So this is more important.
This is the first thing I
want you to accomplish.
If you want to after you finish this,
do some more work on the mole game.
Please do that.
If you don't get to the mole game, or
if you're just like brain melted out,
that's okay too, and we'll go ahead and
write that too [COUGH] excuse me.
I need more coffee at this point.
We will accomplish that tomorrow.
>> Brian Holt: Any last questions or
anything you want me to talk about,
anything unclear?
>> Speaker 2: Can you just go back to
your doggo JavaScript for two seconds?
>> Brian Holt: Scroll up, or you got it?
>> Speaker 2: Yeah, just a little bit.
>> Speaker 3: Inside the, slightly
down the console log, the second one,
the dog API.
When you go in .then .target.value, for
some reason, mine's not going blue,
it's just staying in there and
it's a dollar sign, I mean.
>> Brian Holt: Sir,
you need to use back ticks.
>> Speaker 3: Thank you.
>> Brian Holt: You can do
it with normal strings, but
you just have to do the plus
concatenation that I showed you earlier.
>> Speaker 3: Okay.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah, I just find
this to be a little bit easier.
>> Speaker 3: I guess.
>> Brian Holt: Something else, so
notice when I first show up that
it does display a random
dog picture right away.
So that's something you
can do if you want to.
Just, what I did is instead of
having this just be fetch out here I
put into a function and
the first thing I do is call the function.